TINY-7715: Alignment could not be applied to pre-blocks (#7717)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Dialogs will not exceed the window height on smaller screens #TINY-8146

> - Text alignment can be applied to `pre` elements #TINY-7715

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Text alignment could not be applied to `pre` elements #TINY-7715
```
